what can I do for you and well believe
it or not I'm on the prowl for some
water records you come to the right
place I guess I did you just tell me
what you want to look at and I'd be glad
to dig him out for you I wish I knew
it's for my boss he's in this water
dispute and he wants me to find all
kinds of papers just from all kinds of
places
uh hmm you know it would probably be
easiest if I just squeezed back there
and poked around myself would that be
all right with you oh heck yeah come on
back I'm just gonna do this I'm in here
sure
have tea is that your middle name no
maiden oh you're married that's it
can't see ya kid I love your pants oh oh
this is it it's um it's impressive
well I'll call you bunny
uh all right okay thank you okay
[Music]
Oh you